Scott and PETA tried to keep up with a
shark to observe the details of the
feeding process they must maneuver as
close as possible without actually
getting in the Sharks way
Beckham
she's gonna hit us here okay where is it
I can't see the car nesting units right
here
never wrong you guys this is a big shark
go in here she's about to take it wild
that's great
now there are two great whites circling
below in the only study of white sharks
in their natural undisturbed state Scott
and Peter take photographs of each
individual shark involved in the kill
she's underneath you
she's 18 the Sharks are here because of
the food but they're interested in
anything on the surface they often bump
the researchers boat or mouth the motor
weather from hunger aggression or simple
curiosity no one knows
previously it was thought that there is
only one shark at each carcass but we've
since discovered that there are more
from three to five sharks arrived to
investigate the kill
there is no feeding frenzy and the
carcass is approached in a cautious and
controlled manner access to the food may
be determined by a series of visual
displays and postures the white shark
has a body language of its own which
we're only beginning to recognize
two sharks swims side-by-side with the
petrol fins held down mouth slightly
again the Sharks move closer and closer
to each other until one gives way
sighs seems to be the determining factor
in dominance the larger sharks control
the scene
a shark approaches the carcass hunched
in full display posture
a larger shark rises up from below the
first one arches its body and quickly
gives way the bigger shark has
established its right to feed first
you